What's the most popular existence in this world?
Person to Kill Time With
'Morning, Seri-chan
What're you up to?
Person to Kill Time With
Seri-chan~
Drinking with some buddies.
Wanna join?
I miss you.
The answer is obvious: high school girls.
Komori Housing Complex Council
Nazuna Nanakusa
Ko Yamori
That day we were accomplices under the apple tree
We tried stepping over the line
Immediate black out
Oops, you're angry...
Chased away to this unfortunate dimension
I can't believe I...
Someone like me...
Of all people, I couldn't...
Wait, no way
I blamed you
Got hold of a secret
The fig leaves go right and left
In a blink of an eye I wake up
But then I'm falling toward the sky
I don't know, I just can't stop
Just one more bite
Again, Fallin' fallin' down in a spiral, falling on a skyscraper
Fallin' fallin' two all alone, we don't even notice the curtain call
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah, forever
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah, I let myself go
And just like that
The wounds are being filled, yeah
Again, Fallin' fallin' down in a spiral, falling on a skyscraper
Fallin' fallin' two all alone, we don't even notice the curtain call
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah, forever
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah, I let myself go
And just like that
The wounds are being filled, yeah
I can't deal with all of these...
Missed Call
Why aren't you answering?
You won't pick up, either.
It's a drag when this starts happening.
I was considering making him one of my offspring...
but honestly, I'm not feeling it anymore.
'Course, I can just kill him if it gets too messy.
Ya-mo-ri-kuuuun!
Wh-what the?!
Whoa...
Whoa, whoa...
Why?
You're dead.
She's right, you know.
How could you?
She hasn't done anything to me yet!
Ko-kun, did she do anything to you?
I just wanted to protect you.
I just said she didn't!
Thanks, though?!
Sorry, the truth is her face annoys me,
so my leg just acted up.
The most important bit about
wanting to protect me vanished!
Don't worry, vampires are tough!
That wasn't nearly enough to break-
her!
Why, Nazuna you little...
It's a fight you want, huh?!
You know you're the one who started it!
Look, just hear me out.
I really had no intention of hurting Yamori-kun, okay?
You've been guilty before.
It's your own fault if I got the wrong idea.
Besides, why would you go near Ko-kun then?
I thought you said getting friendly with humans
when you aren't going to suck their blood isn't normal.
That's right.
I just wanted to mess with him a bit, that's all.
See ya, then!
Person to Kill Time With
Hey, message me back.
Seri-chan
What a friggin' drag.
Seri-san!
Uh, was that really all?
Didn't you want to talk about something?
You said before that things haven't been fun lately.
I was lying, obviously.
I just made up a likely problem to spark your interest.
Really?
From what I remember,
you didn't look like you were lying.
If I'm wrong, that's fine.
But I figure even vampires can
have problems, you know?
Hey, wanna go sing karaoke?
So where's Nazuna?
She okay with this?
She was exasperated but said to do whatever.
Well, so anyway, I'm like, crazy popular.
That makes it sound like you have no problems at all.
But honestly, that's been kind of a hassle lately.
Like, it's a drag having to deal with those guys.
Sorry, you wouldn't get it.
I kind of get it.
I get annoyed at people who think
romance is the essence of life.
Yeah, right?
I guess that's why you're Nazuna's...
'Course, I can just kill them if it gets too messy.
Th-that's pretty outrageous.
'Kay! As long as we're here, we might as well sing!
You're gonna sing too, right?
Uh, sure.
Let's cue up songs with some mad vibes.
Dude, what?
Huh?
You don't even try to liven things up while I'm singing.
You're just searching for songs?
At least chime in or something!
But how can I when I don't even know this song?
What, for real?!
But it's like THE song right now.
I haven't been watching TV lately,
so I don't really know.
Jeeez! You brag about not watching TV?!
Not watching TV is worth bragging about?
Stop it with your uber innocent reactions!
Whatever, just cue something up already.
Isn't it a drag having to choose a song
just to liven things up?
You haven't chosen a song yet, Seri-san?
Hold on, what was that song?!
Isn't it super old school?
It's one of those sentimental buzzkills.
Well yeah, I think it's from
thirty years ago or something?
That's way before your time!
Why the heck do you like it?!
Wh-why not?
Who cares?
I just like it.
Well, it is a good song.
I'd only ever heard the chorus before.
I never knew what the lyrics were like.
Hey, are there any other good songs by that group?
Sure there are, but aren't we going to take turns?
It's fine!
I wanna hear more.
Whoa! Wh-what's that?!
Y-you think he has the wrong room?
Nah, sorry Yamori-kun.
Remember what I said?
I'm crazy popular.
Seri-chan...
Seri-chan?
That's freaky!
If you know him, can't you do something about it?!
Well, I really dunno what I could do.
It happens quite a lot.
Guys turn into mental psychos.
I don't think you can say that these days.
Guys who are complicated or insecure
are only cute in manga and stuff.
In real life, they're a total drag.
Uh! Why are we still chatting?!
You can tell me about that later!
No, just let me say this!
There really have been a bunch of draggos lately.
"Draggos"?
Guys who are a drag - draggos.
Um, he's really banging on the door
and it's freaking me out!
What do we do if he comes in?!
Oh, don't worry.
He doesn't have the guts to do that!
Watch this.
Heyah!
Those types only care about getting attention,
so that's enough to placate them.
I-I see...
Uh, this is the kind of thing
you've been having an issue with, right?
What you call "a hassle"?
What do you want to do about it, exactly?
What would make things better for you?
What the hell, man?
Don't try to give me proper advice.
You'll enjoy hanging with Nazuna
but not with me?
Just laugh and brush it aside, that's all I want.
The solution's really simple.
Huh?! Wh-what is it?
Like I said, I can just kill them if it gets too messy.
Y-you can't do that!
Why not?
It's only natural for humans to get killed by vampires.
Y-your kind is so arrogant!
Excuse me?
You lot are the arrogant ones.
You don't actually give a damn when other people die,
but you denounce killing without even thinking.
Can you really tell me why it's wrong?!
Human rules don't apply to us.
No! That's not what I'm saying at all!
I never said you can't kill anyone!
I'm sure you have to sometimes, what do I know?!
But that guy isn't one of them!
He might be a hassle,
but if you talk it through I'm sure he'd-
Are you fighting?
W-were you arguing about me?
...understand.
You were, huh?
H-his eyes tell me he can't be reasoned with.
See? It's a hassle when they get this way.
The easiest way is to kill him quickly,
and forget about it all!
Huh?
What? I don't get it.
What just happened?!
Yamori-kun, wanna get outta the way?
No.
You'll die, too.
You think I care?
Mr. Draggo!
Dr-Draggo?
We're gonna run for it!
Wh-why?
Just run!
O-okay!
She's not coming after us, I guess?
Um...
I don't get what's going on at all, but...
what are you, to Seri-chan?
Nothing.
As if I'd believe that!
Then what are you to Seri-san?
I...
I wonder what Seri-chan thinks of me?
Huh?
This isn't quite what I expected.
He's just plain insecure now.
What am I?
But still, the thing that
changed him this much must be...
Hey!
You like Seri-san, don't you?
Don't worry!
Please tell me!
What you're struggling with!
About proper romantic feelings!
9th Night: No Fair
Ow!
Shoot, my glasses.
You okay, big guy?
Want me to buy you some water?
Whoa, your eyesight sucks, huh?
You know how they say love is blind?
It's true, in a way.
What d'ya mean?
Well see, when people fall in love,
their brains release more dopamine.
They say the resulting sensation is very similar
to taking certain types of drugs.
You fall in love thinking about that kind of thing?
No, no, that's not it.
But how my girl-
How my ex-girlfriend made me feel,
thinking back now, wasn't quite normal, I think.
I would get worried for no reason, get jealous...
Honestly, not being able have normal conversations
anymore because of that is creepy, you know?
You think so?
Is it creepy?
Seri-chan probably just spoke to me
because I got drunk and tripped,
and she didn't mean anything by it.
She just felt sorry for me.
And I was fine with that, at first.
When Seri-chan acted like she was flirting to tease me,
it made me happy.
I was that blind.
But you're not anymore?
I don't know.
But I'm definitely not Seri-chan's boyfriend,
or her closest friend, either.
I don't actually care where I rank...
as long as I get to see her.
But the times I wasn't with her
seemed to get longer, and longer...
"What is she doing now?"
"Who is she with now?"
"Who is she complaining to about me?"
Once I started thinking that I couldn't stop,
and I'd kept sending her messages.
Thinking about it calmly,
that kind of conjecture just comes from
overthinking stuff in a pessimistic way.
Seri-san really did complain about you.
What...
Just listen.
When I say, she complained,
it wasn't about you in particular.
But that's not the issue.
Like you said, they're usually just
pessimistic conjectures.
But you sensed from what
limited interactions you had
that she probably doesn't think kindly of you.
I finally found you.
You're really talking out of your ass there.
Seri-chan...
Okay, time to kill him.
Move.
U-um, Seri-chan?
What do you mean,"kill"?
Uh, exactly what it sounds like.
Sorry!
I was tricking you this whole time - I'm a vampire!
Not a human!
I look for humans who might fall in love with me
and talk to them so I can turn them into offspring.
Oh, the reason it has to be people
who might fall in love with me
is because they can't become offspring otherwise.
Seri-chan, what are you talking ab-
You don't have to get it.
You're gonna die now anywa-
No!
I won't let you kill him.
I swear.
Fine.
Then wanna die first, Yamori-kun?
Nazuna, huh?!
Did you really think I would leave you
alone with Ko-kun?
That's way too naïve.
Why are you getting in my way?!
Well, of course I'm gonna to step in
if you try to harm Ko-kun.
Okay!
I won't touch Yamori-kun.
That's fine then, right?
Listen, this is just me being curious,
but why did you decide you're gonna kill for once?
C'mon, Seri.
What's the deal with Mr. Glasses here, huh?
Stop.
Stop that, please.
It's not Seri-chan's fault.
I was never supposed to fall in love.
I forgot.
Don't...
Because we're friends.
Maybe...
Maybe with this human...
Friends? What do you mean?
Exactly what it sounds like.
I never intended to turn Akkun into offspring
and just hung out with him sometimes.
Akkun?
Oh, that's me.
My name's Akiyama.
Oh, hi, I'm Yamori.
But vampires approach humans to
make more offspring, don't they?
Why not Mr. Draggo?
I got tired of all that.
I got bored.
But who could I possibly talk to about that?
That I'm tired of having romance be a part
of every human interaction I have?
But I don't know how to communicate
like an ordinary friend.
I miss you.
I unconsciously act to make people
fall in love with me.
Drinking with some buddies.
Wanna join?
Like, "Oh, if I make a move now,
he'll fall for me for sure."
I'm tired of that.
Nazuna...
That hurts.
Won't you get off?
I won't do anything.
Sorry 'bout that.
Anyway, that's how it is.
Akkun, let's stop seeing each other.
Let's just say nothing ever happened, Akkun.
Seri-san...
What do you want to do, exactly?
Huh? I just told you.
That's why you decided to kill him?
Kill him and say nothing ever happened?
That's right...
But then...
you're the one who's hard to deal with!
If anything, Mr. Draggo here isn't such a drag!
He's actually pretty reasonable!
Th-the name's Akiyama.
You enjoy having a friend, and you don't want to ruin
that relationship so you're gonna kill him?!
That's ludicrously hard to deal with!
What's that, punk?!
Then at least, seeing as you're so similar,
why don't you talk it through as friends first?
Uh, Akkun...
Like I said earlier, I'm actually a vampire.
R-right...
Nazuna and Yamori-kun there are doing the whole
vampire-human friend thing,
but that's a total exception.
It's not normally allowed.
For us vampires,
a friendship with humans just doesn't work.
So, I'm sorry.
After today, it's goodbye...
Huh?
Seri-chan?!
I don't wanna quit being friends!
S..Seri-chan!
It was really fun, y'know?!
Uh, th-thanks.
It was?
I had fun, too...
But I fell in love.
To tell you the truth,
I was prepared to get rejected properly.
But I can't.
I don't want to be apart from you.
Will you make me into your offspring?
You sure?
Your life until now...
You might lose all of that.
It's fine.
Thanks.
You were thinking about me because we're friends.
But it's okay.
You're a vampire, aren't you?
Don't concern yourself with human matters.
In retrospect, it was a simple matter.
A vampire and a human...
That's all this was about.
Watching them, I found myself thinking,
"Aw, no fair,"
because I want what they have.
Ko-kun...
You're thinking this isn't fair, huh?
W-well...
Your meddling caused this, you know.
I-I know that.
Well, we can just take it slow.
For now, I just...
want to suck your blood already.
Hey, what're you two doing?
Let's get going!
Where to?
Karaoke to celebrate my new offspring, what else?
Hey, I'm Akiyama the offspring now.
You know, this is kind of fun.
Song 1   Romantic Flight
Cued up
What's with the old school song?
The call of the night
Shine on me moonlight
Eye caught by blue light
The two-faced sides of neon lights
The call of the night
Take me away, midnight
Bloodshot red eyes
A lullaby for grownups
Loved the nights since I was a kid
I kinda hated going to bed at nine
It just felt like a waste somehow
I wanted to get to know you better
Hey hey
The early bird catches you know what
I wanna see deeper, deeper, deeper
Unravel in deep shades
From 12 o'clock to 2 o'clock
The first time I stepped over you
No, the first I mounted you was at fourteen, I think
Me, just an ignorant wannabe
Led by the hand, everything was new
Your physique and that scent
That dark skin that fits well with the quiet
I was drawn in, submissive to the beckoning
Then you gave me music
You showed me a woman's naked body
Sipped on booze I'd never had
Smoked my old man's butts
Flooded with don't do's
Smeared with shouldn't know's
Under the screen of darkness, coming to get us
You're always so capricious
The call of the night
Shine on me moonlight
Eye caught by blue light
The two-face sides of neon lights
The call of the night
Take me away, midnight
Bloodshot red eyes
A lullaby for grownups